feat: Refactor Enable And Disable Module Commands (#1918)
kyma-project/cli: docs/gen-docs/kyma_alpha_delete.md

## See also

* [kyma alpha](kyma_alpha.md)	 - Experimental commands

> * [kyma alpha delete module](kyma_alpha_delete_module.md)	 - Delete a module in the cluster or in the given Kyma resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha delete module](kyma_alpha_delete_module.md)	 - Deletes a module from the cluster or from the given Kyma resource.
```
